CASMINST-6797: Change in backup.md (#4850)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/iuf/workflows/backup.md

This section describes procedures that back up critical state in case it becomes necessary to fall back to previous configurations and software.

- [1. Backup](#1-backup)
    - [1.1 Slingshot Fabric Manager](#11-slingshot-fabric-manager)
- [2. Next steps](#2-next-steps)

## 1. Backup

### 1.1 Slingshot Fabric Manager

> Create a backup of the Slingshot Fabric Manager prior to proceeding with the workflow. Refer to the "Backup of a Fabric Manager configuration" section in the _Slingshot Operations Guide for Customers_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a backup of the HPE Slingshot Fabric Manager prior to proceeding with the workflow. Refer to the "Backup of a Fabric Manager configuration" section in the _HPE Slingshot Operations Guide_
```
Note that starting in Slingshot 2.2, the document is no longer titled the _HPE Slingshot Operations Guide_. The document to reference will be the _HPE Slingshot Installation Guide for CSM_.

Author: Addressed this review comment
